Custom Software License Agreement

This Software License Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into by and between Preston Dragon 989 ("Licensor") and 
the user ("Licensee"). By using the software ("Software"), Licensee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.

1. **License Grant** Licensor grants Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use the 
Software solely for personal or internal business purposes, subject to the restrictions set forth in this Agreement.

2. **Restrictions** a. Licensee shall not, and shall not permit any third party to: i. View, access, examine, 
or inspect the source code of the Software. ii. Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or attempt to derive the 
source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of the Software. iii. Modify, adapt, translate, or create derivative 
works of the Software. iv. Rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, sublicense, or otherwise transfer the Software or any 
copies thereof. v. Use the Software for any purpose that is illegal or prohibited by this Agreement.

3. **Proprietary Rights** The Software and all worldwide copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property 
rights therein are the exclusive property of Licensor. Licensee shall not remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary 
notices on the Software.

4. **Disclaimer of Warranties** THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, 
AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. LICENSOR MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR THAT ACCESS THERETO WILL BE 
UNINTERRUPTED.

5. **Limitation of Liability** IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR BE LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE FOR ANY INDIRECT, 
INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, 
GOODWILL, USE, DATA, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH 
DAMAGES). IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR'S CUMULATIVE LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY LICENSEE 
TO LICENSOR FOR THE SOFTWARE.

6. **Indemnification** Licensee agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Licensor from and against any and all 
claims, liabilities, damages, losses, or expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of or 
in any way connected with Licensee's use of the Software.

7. **Termination** Licensor may terminate this Agreement at any time if Licensee breaches any term of this Agreement. 
Upon termination, Licensee shall immediately cease all use of the Software and destroy all copies, full or partial, 
of the Software.

8. **General** a. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter 
hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings with respect to that subject matter. b. This Agreement 
may only be modified by a written document signed by both parties. c. If any provision of this Agreement is found to 
be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that 
this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. d. This Agreement is governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of [Your Jurisdiction], without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.

By using the Software, Licensee acknowledges that they have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement.

Preston Dragon 989
5-26-2024